1. Atomic Motherboards (go boom)
  The computer box we're using in the lab is an AIMB-212 from
Advantech. Since the box is locked down, you can't look at the
insides to see what it has, so you need some product information.
Use the internet to find a datasheet, a User Manual, or some other
documentation for this little computer. Download it for your
reference, and review it.

a) what is the audio device?
    Realtek ALC888

b) what device is the GPIO connected to?
    Super IO Winbond W83627DHG

c) how many network (LAN) devices are on the motherboard and what are
they?
    Two Intel devices
    1. GbE LAN1: Intel 82567V
    2. GbE LAN2: Intel 82583V

d) how many total serial ports does the box support, inside and out?
    Six serial ports, COM2 is RS-232/422/485 and five of RS-232
    serial ports (1.3.3)


2. Network Noodling
  Since the experimental boxes are not connected to
the university network, the network devices are going unused (one
port is plugged into the CAT network, but that's only for us to
rebuild the boxes if Atomic lives up to its name – it can be
disconnected).  Later in this assignment we will explore how to play
with them, but first we need some information about how they work.
Find the datasheet for the LAN device connected through PCIe (not
through the integrated chip's LCI), and download it for your
reference.  The Pin Interface chapter tells how to physically connect
to the chip.  The Driver Programming Interface chapter tells about
the memory-mapped registers – what are their addresses and what bit
patterns are used to do things.  From the datasheet:

a) What pins control the LEDs?
  LED0 - 31
  LED1 - 30
  LED2 - 33

b) What address offset is the Device Control Register?
  0x0

c) What bit in the Device Control Register will force a reset of the
network chip?
  26


3. Winken, Blinken, and Nod
  Without any other wires or connectors needed, we can use the LEDs
on the network devices as our little toys.  There are many ways to
set up the LEDs for blinking and for indicating various states in the
chip, so the description is spread across several pages.

a) What register (name and address) controls the LEDs?
  LEDCTL - 0x00E00

b) What bit pattern should you use to turn off LED1?
  0xXXXXXFXX <- X is don't care, anything

c) What bit pattern should you use to make LED2 blink?
  0xXXEEXX20 <- Set global blink mode and blink mode to the same


4. EIEIO
  The Super I/O chip is designed to be responsible for handling many
different duties in a standard PC computer. It is a pretty standard
design, but a data sheet is still needed, especially if you want to
know how to control the GPIO pins.

a) what company makes the Super I/O chip in this box?
  Nuvoton Technology Corporation of America

b) can you find the datasheet on the web?
  http://www.nuvoton.com/resource-files/DA00-WW83627DHG-P.pdf

c) where/how can you find this chip's datasheet if you aren't able to
find it with a standard web search?
  Perhaps it would be in a book of datasheets the library would have
